h1. EasyTextView

This project provides an easy-to-use set of classes to be used in the creation of iPhone applications prototypes.

h2. Classes

* The AKOEasyNavigationController class is a subclass of UINavigationController which automatically reads entries from a "sequence file" (in the sample project, this file is the Resources/Data/Sequence.plist file). The class loads instances of the AKOEasyTableViewController class each time the "loadNextScreen" method is called.
* The AKOEasyTableViewController class has a "dataSource" property which can be set to either NSArray or NSDictionary instances. The "dataSourceFileName" property allows this data to be loaded from plist files instead.

Property lists used with the AKOEasyTableViewController class must have one of these two structures:

<pre>
<plist version="1.0">
<array>
	<string>Roger Federer</string>
	<string>Rafael Nadal</string>
	<string>Novak Djokovic</string>
	<string>Andy Murray</string>
	<string>Juan Martin Del Potro</string>
	<string>Andy Roddick</string>
	<string>Nicolay Davydenko</string>
	<string>Fernando Verdasco</string>
	<string>Robin Soderling</string>
	<string>Jo-Wilfred Tsonga</string>
	<string>Fernando González</string>
	<string>Radek Stepanek</string>
	<string>Gael Monfils</string>
	<string>Marin Cilic</string>
	<string>Gilles Simon</string>
</array>
</plist>
</pre>

<pre>
<plist version="1.0">
<array>
	<dict>
		<key>title</key>
		<string>Software</string>
		<key>values</key>
		<array>
			<string>The Mythical Man-Month</string>
			<string>SQL for Dummies</string>
			<string>Peopleware</string>
			<string>Code Complete</string>
		</array>
	</dict>
	<dict>
		<key>title</key>
		<string>Business</string>
		<key>values</key>
		<array>
			<string>Founders at Work</string>
			<string>Commonwealth</string>
			<string>The End of Poverty</string>
			<string>The No-Asshole Rule</string>
		</array>
	</dict>
</array>
</plist>
</pre>

h2. License

This project is licensed with a liberal BSD license. See the LICENSE file for details.
